Matrix URL (#342)
ratatui-org/ratatui: README.md

started by Florian 🚀

In order to organize ourselves, we currently use a [Discord server](https://discord.gg/pMCEU9hNEj),
feel free to join and come chat! There is also a [Matrix](https://matrix.org/) bridge available at
[#ratatui:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#ratatui:matrix.org).

> **Discord is not a MUST to contribute**. We follow a pretty standard github centered open source
> workflow keeping the most important conversations on GitHub, open an issue or PR and it will be
> addressed. 😄

Reviewer: What do you think about rephrasing this slightly?

```suggestion
While we do utilize Discord for coordinating, it's not essential for contributing. Our primary open-source workflow is centered around GitHub. For significant discussions, we rely on GitHub — please open an issue, a discussion or a PR. 
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM - will squash
